and you're watching hello everyone today
I'm going to show you how to make one of
Korea's favorite rice dishes it's going
to have a lot of vegetables it's going
to be healthy so let's find out what the
dish is
open and the recipe of the day is bebop
mixed by full with vegetables and meat
pickin box beeping Bob it's one of
Korea's national dish why is that
because a little world knows a few
buffets and if it you've earned tried it
in case it happens it's basically a
ditch
we're applying short grain rice filled
with a variety of vegetables in season
and with nutritional benefits it's
perfect for your next healthy meal so
let me show you how to make peeping Bob
right inside your kitchen so let's start
the cooking so first I'm going to show
you how to prepare the marinade before
we do that and let me show you how to
prepare the mushrooms and move for to
talk to mushrooms this is a dry form of
talk to measure that we're gonna use
today I'm using the dry form just
because I have a depth of flavor and
it's actually easier to purchase when
the chop the mushroom isn't available so
you're gonna basically soak the shiitake
mushrooms in water for about 30 minutes
then you're gonna have this as your
finished product so you're just going to
take it out and we're gonna prepare this
the furthest your top questions we're
going to slice it into thin strips so
just like that
the beef sirloin going to cut it into
strips now I'm going to show you how to
put all the marinade together to add our
sliced scallions and then our soy sauce
sesame oil sugar now I'm going to show
you how to prepare the vegetables for
the cucumber we're going to slice it
thinly into rounds and then we'll bring
the carrot we're going to cut it into
thirds depending on the size of your
carrot and then for each piece we're
gonna slice it pack it all up niggle
thin matchsticks
for your spinach we're going to have a
pot of water boil it and that's gonna
place your spinach inside just blanch it
for about five seconds what it look like
this you're going to squeeze out the
water and cut it into few pieces that
looks like this now I'm going to show
you how to leaves in all the vegetables
your bowl you're gonna have her cut
spinach we're gonna place salt sesame
oil we cooked it in water for about five
minutes of boiling water and we punched
it and now we're going to add the
seasoning we're gonna add our salt
sesame oil I'm gonna show you how to cut
cucumbers with the carrots and the
marinated beef and much a medium-high
heat you're gonna add sauce of oil add
cucumbers
stir it all up next for the carrot I'm
just gonna add a few drops a medium-high
heat and then add the sugar very much
means a meat you're gonna get the pan
medium medium-high heat we're going to
show you how to prepare the spicy paste
we're gonna use when you mix up or a
beauty box first and your bowl you're
gonna add gochujang which is red pepper
paste all right in you're gonna add your
sugar sesame oil and water with your
spoon you're gonna mix everything
together until it's well combined
Wow just came out great you can taste
all the different vegetables and like I
said if he's seasoned everything it's
gonna be it the fish is gonna make it
much better so give it a try and let me
know how to tease did you enjoy watching
how to make cubing fun wasn't it so fun
to watch how to make this traditional
Korean dish make sure you make it and
let me know how it tastes